You even have his name
Is your fan
He keeps calling you an idol
and
And he's as talented as Fullerin
Talent. Talented people are everywhere these days.
In our Roselle Group, there are countless
There is no shortage of him, an idea for you
Who let you make us Xueqin angry?
Deserved to be banned
Block it
Luoshen Group has you and Luo Xueqin
This kind of person will decline sooner or later
How dare you curse the Roselle Group?
What talent can a nanny's daughter have?
Why work with us?
Every year you
I can carry my own future with me
madam
Your dream is to become an excellent designer
Please give him a chance and don't ban him
If you don't ban him, you can
After all
Aunt Ning Huang has been a nanny in the Luo family for more than ten years
I'm sure I want to spend a side for you.
Thank you ma'am
You will definitely become this, don't worry
I'm not finished yet.
If you don't ban him, you can
But I want you to kneel down and apologize